v6.11.0 (#9905)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.11.0

_Aug 3, 2023_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 12 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🎁 Add new package `@mui/x-tree-view` containing the tree view component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⌚️ Move tree view component from the lab

  The TreeView component have been moved to the MUI X repository.
  They are now accessible in their own packages: `@mui/x-tree-view`.
```

And we would add the link to the blog post when available

Author: Should we explain more the lab (maybe a hyperlink) for those who don't know about it? Or simply making `lab` => `@mui/lab`

Reviewer: I copied the message from the pickers migration
But I do agree that `lab` => `@mui/lab` is a nice improvement

> - 🎁 Add new package `@mui/x-tree-view` containing the tree view component

Reviewer 2: @richbustos this is important in a way that if someone is use that package from the Lab they will no longer get updates and will need to use the one from mui-x instead ;)

Reviewer: Not yet
For now the lab still works and the core doc is still available.
I'll add a message in the core CHANGELOG when we make the lab `TreeView` just a re-export of ours
And another message when we completely remove it from the lab.

Reviewer: The main PR is here: https://github.com/mui/material-ui/pull/38261

Author: > completely remove it from the lab.

This should be done in a major release, right?

> - 🎁 Add new package `@mui/x-tree-view` containing the tree view component

Author: Maybe 
```suggestion
- ⌚️ Move the tree view component from `@mui/lab` package

  The `<TreeView />` component has been moved to the MUI X repository.
  It is now accessible from its own package: `@mui/x-tree-view`.

```

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.11.0

> _Aug 3, 2023_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Aug 4, 2023_
```
